Updated deploy script (#2981)
scpwiki/wikijump: docs/development.md

## Building and Running

> **The helper script `install/local/deploy-helper.py` is the primary way to manage a local Wikijump installation.**

Reviewer: The direct utility is useful for invocation of commands, the other is useful for exploring options or newer developers:
```suggestion
**You can use the helper script `install/local/deploy-help.py` to interactively navigate deployment for a local Wikijump installation.** Alternatively, if you're more familiar with Docker you can use `install/lock/deploy.py` directly.
```

Note that in `docker-compose.yaml`, there are configuration options for the domains to use. For development purposes, these are set to `wikijump.localhost`. This is the domain you will be connecting to, e.g. `https://www.wikijump.localhost`. The TLD `.localhost` is just like the usual `localhost` domain. Even when running locally, HTTPS is used. Because this certificate is self-signed, you will need to dismiss the certificate warning.

**all you need to do to use the script is run:**

```
$ install/local/deploy-helper.py
```
and select the options you want to use 

> **for your first build, select the up option from the actions menu**

Reviewer: This seems kind of unnecessary. Either the reader takes the route of using the interactive script (where how to start a new instance is spelled out for them), or they want to learn more about the underlying Docker commands, in which case the original is what they would want to read.

You can kill the terminal (`CTRL + C` usually) when you want to stop the server.

If you want to entirely _reset_ the containers, as their data is otherwise persistent even across restarts, use the down option in the helper script

**you may find entering your choices in thge deploy script every time to be anoying. to skip stright to selecting the docker command, run:**

```
$ install/local/deploy-helper.py -s 
```

> **you can also use --skip instead of -s**

Reviewer: Hmm, if people want to skip over options in the interactive helper, maybe the point of the helper should be changed to providing guidance on how to run different commands?

So you navigate the menu to find a thing you want to do (and haven't done before), and can run it like that, but it also shows you the `deploy.py` / Docker command for it, so you can just run that in the future.

Author: It does do that now, it prints the command and asks for confirmation, and then prints it again.
